What has to be broken before you can use it?
I’m tall when I’m young, and I’m short when I’m old. What am I?
What month of the year has 28 days?
What is full of holes but still holds water?
What is always in front of you but can’t be seen?
What can you break, even if you never pick it up or touch it?
What goes up but never comes down?
A man who was outside in the rain without an umbrella or hat didn’t get a single hair on his head wet. Why?
What gets wet while drying?
What can you keep after giving to someone?
I shave every day, but my beard stays the same. What am I?
You walk into a room that contains a match, a kerosene lamp, a candle and a fireplace. What would you light first?
I have branches, but no fruit, trunk or leaves. What am I?
What can’t talk but will reply when spoken to?
The more of this there is, the less you see. What is it?
David’s parents have three sons: Snap, Crackle, and what’s the name of the third son?
I follow you all the time and copy your every move, but you can’t touch me or catch me. What am I?
What has many keys but can’t open a single lock?
What is black when it’s clean and white when it’s dirty?
What gets bigger when more is taken away?
I’m light as a feather, yet the strongest person can’t hold me for five minutes. What am I?
I’m found in socks, scarves and mittens; and often in the paws of playful kittens. What am I?
Where does today come before yesterday?
What invention lets you look right through a wall?
If you’ve got me, you want to share me; if you share me, you haven’t kept me. What am I?
What can’t be put in a saucepan?
What goes up and down but doesn’t move?
If you’re running in a race and you pass the person in second place, what place are you in?
It belongs to you, but other people use it more than you do. What is it?
What has lots of eyes, but can’t see?
What has one eye, but can’t see?
What has hands, but can’t clap?
What has legs, but doesn’t walk?
What has one head, one foot and four legs?
What can you catch, but not throw?
What kind of band never plays music?
What has many teeth, but can’t bite?
What is cut on a table, but is never eaten?
What has words, but never speaks?
What runs all around a backyard, yet never moves?
What can travel all around the world without leaving its corner?
What has a thumb and four fingers, but is not a hand?
What has a head and a tail but no body?
Where does one wall meet the other wall?
What building has the most stories?
What tastes better than it smells?
